come forth to beat and for Pat I can
pilot the peptide number once the phyllo
dough in Thailand some time you can do
chicken
we have no dough before dry one you can
solve with warm water allow a minute
easy when you cook cast peanut pastor
now we cut tofu tofu you can cut this
onion
easy when you have the fun I choke while
you take you can speed the head and
screech yeah your pond here really good
for the neutral hair color
okay they pull out less and young in
still file it and then to smell make our
little again you have a look the con
hair have beautiful color the par not
cooked a long time the Rhino the cook
allow one to two minutes and then we'll
spoon fish sauce
chill gap
hi people in Bangkok loves me and then
you don't lie to me too much you can add
a little bit so we read it in
now one tablespoon and then I use water
for cooking and if you put noodle
how you know the noodle already you can
do it long handle check the noodle the
noodle sticky not yet allowed few
minutes and then the egg in the egg you
can cook outside in the frypan someone
you understand who in the eight need to
get a now stick is not beautiful looking
for the egg dye make everything now spin
onion
and then via spout
some wonder can't it cook a little bit
someone loves obvious how cook is long
time and then can ask sugar tiny
and chili powder be careful not at a lot
a little bit cleaner and mix everything
well yummy
Oh